The popular casino card game blackjack is usually played with multiple decks
and money at risk. Countless people with good memory attempt to card count,
factoring in the likelihood of certain cards to be dealt given ones that have
previously been dealt. In this version of blackjack, only one full 52-card deck
of standard playing cards is used. The twist: betting is done with the cards in
the deck. At the very start of the game, the player is dealt a beggining balance
of cards from the playing deck to represent his betting power, replacing
the standard medium of cash. The player will also know the identity of the cards
in their balance, and will choose which of those to risk in the next round. From
there, standard rules of blackjack apply, with a win returning the bet to the
player along with new cards chosen randomly from the remaining deck. If the
player loses, those cards get shuffled back into the deck. As the game
progresses and the player wins more cards, the pool of possible cards to be
drawn decreases,  Once the player wins all the
cards from the deck, or until the remaining number of cards is less than 4, then
the player has beaten the house. Should the player loose all his cards, then the
player has lost to the house. This gimmick allows the player to make better,
more favourable decisions based on the knowledge of the cards in their balance.
In essence, the game encourages players to manage an additional dimension of play, 
one that's similar to the strategies card counters use. And the goal of this
project is to give the average blackjack player a taste of what it's like to card 
count, without needing a genius short term memory.



# program design

###############################################################################
# DEALER #   _____  _____                                #                    #
##########  |Q    ||* * *|                               # Choose an action:  #
#           |     || * * |                               #                    #
#           |  +  ||* * *|                               # > STAND            #
#           |     || * * |                               #   HIT              #
#           |____Q||*_*_*|                               #   DOUBLE DOWN      #
#                                                        #                    #
#            _____  _____                                ######################
#           |4    ||10   |                               #                    #
#           |     ||     |                               # Dealer's Total: 10 #
#           |  ^  ||  &  |                               #                    #
#           |     ||     |                               # Your Total: 14     #
##########  |____4||___10|                               #                    #
#  YOU   #                                               #                    #
###############################################################################
#                                Cards you own                                #
#                                                                             #
#   A^    2^    3^    4^    5^    6^    7^    8^    9^   10^    J^    Q^    K^#
#   A&    2^    3^    4^    5^    6^    7^    8^    9^   10^    J^    Q^    K^#
#   A@    2^    3^    4^    5^    6^    7^    8^    9^   10^    J^    Q^    K^#
#   A~    2^    3^    4^    5^    6^    7^    8^    9^   10^    J^    Q^    K^#
#                                                                             #
###############################################################################
